Rename `no-unnecessary-curly-literals` rule to `no-unnecessary-curly-strings` (#2802)
ember-template-lint/ember-template-lint: docs/rule/no-unnecessary-curly-strings.md

# no-unnecessary-curly-strings

> Strings need not be wrapped in the mustache expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strings need not be wrapped in curly braces.
```

Maybe? Since the rule name uses `curly`, and we also use `curly braces` in the error message.

Author: Updated mention both.

## Examples

This rule **forbids** the following:

```hbs
<FooBar class={{"btn"}} />
```

```hbs
<FooBar class="btn">{{"Hello"}}</FooBar>
```

This rule **allows** the following:

```hbs
<FooBar class="btn" />
```

```hbs
<FooBar class="btn">Hello</FooBar>
```

## References

> * Ember's [Helper Functions](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/components/helper-functions/) guide

Reviewer: I think this can go?

Author: Removed.

Author: It looks like we require one reference so I had to add back one generic link for now.
